# hello
This is my new repository on git to understand Modern Computer lang. I hope this will help me better than learn on my offline computer.
# starting is the most exhausting step of all in proccess.
Start from 2008 in the old days I have been so excite about tech things. I bought so many magazine talk about compiler and kernel. I don't even touch it until recently. Yes, as kid I am so positive that I will be some programmer or some of it as profession. In early days of my introduction to computer seem so fond about operating system. Nowadays I realize how my brain is not that kind of math brain. I've been interesting in design since then. After going to university I meet some of my friend that entrust me with public relation and media division in one of my faculty organization. I learn about graphic design yet html/css/js things that I leave in dust at high school back then. So the next years (sophomore) after I got in the organization called SIGARA I've been fulfill my dream at junior high school. I am programming organization blog from html/css/js to its content. Then design some magazine issued by them. Also design final report for 4 days in a row. Even skip take a bath to do it on time before last meeting.
# developing skills in netcafe
It's called LIMUNY. Place where I learn about web back-end, from crimping UTP cable to RJ45 port to setting nginx just to work with sqlite. About 3 and a half I got lots of memories and experience that cry me when it's so usefull in my daily life. I love this place more than my class, hehe. Here I meet priceless unforgetable friends that support me to finish my study, even I got so many years spent to skip class. Thanks everybody there.
